Oh.
Oh, this blur isn't clear at all.
Is it a little clearer?
Ma'am, when I was a kid, I didn't like taking pictures.
The only thing I can find is this.
Grandmother, I'm Ninh Ninh.
Is it wrong to come back this year?
Oh, looks like I'm really getting old.
Come in. Come in.
Can we go? Can we go?
Ninh Ninh, if not at first the family tried to expand overseas markets
It's impossible not to see my grandson for 20 years.
Now you two are back together.
Granny, but I'm so happy.
Granny, I'm so glad I can go to the rescue with Cilian again.
This is all the emperor's green jewelry.
There is also a helicopter and three flight routes.
It's all given to you as a gift.
Haha, this is all for opening my mouth so wide.
Waiting for you to marry him.
Your grandmother is buying you a holiday island as a wedding present.
Haha, thank you.
I will spend the rest of my life with my sister.
OK, then you can quickly choose a good day to fix the wedding date.
Grandmother, I'm 10 years old today.
The girl.
Girl, is the girl okay?
Let me see.
It's okay, grandmother, I'm fine.